docs(igxOverlay): update README.md for scroll strategies (#2737)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: projects/igniteui-angular/src/lib/services/overlay/scroll/README.md

# Scroll strategies

> Scroll strategies determines how the scrolling will be handled in the provided IgxOverlayService. A walk through of how to get started can be found [here](https://www.infragistics.com/angularsite/components/overlay_scroll.html).

Reviewer: Same here:
```suggestion
Scroll strategies determines how the scrolling will be handled in the provided IgxOverlayService. A walk through of how to get started can be found [here](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-angular/angular/components/overlay_scroll.html).
```
